I am Peter gray president and founder of
the Maryland Asia environmental
partnership I recently had a wonderful
opportunity to receive a tour of the
facilities of the institute of marine
and environmental technology housing the
world's first completely sustainable
aquaculture systems throughout the
laboratory facility scientists led by
dr. Jonathan Zohar are growing such
high-value fish as cobia sea bass Nevada
see brie and many others everything we
do here is really driven by the fact
that we are running up a feature in our
roles the world we're running out of
fish people want to eat more seafood
because of the understanding of the
health benefits associated with simple
wave diet so the fish are made and are
getting more creative the oceans cannot
give any more so we are like respond to
this situation will develop a very
innovative technologies to do outreach
to aquaculture to for marine high very
money to smuggle drugs like the people
you see here but in a way that is
completely environmentally responsible
many countries in Asia are white faced
in large positive the problem is that
most of the practices right now for
aquaculture are not very efficient and
also mainly you have some big adverse
impacts of the environment in the area
Vietnam Thailand the Philippines many
large cages we got from water and this
is a very problematic practice because
it has an adverse environmental impact
the fish are brought in large density
the mobile food goes into the water a
lot of white cotton flew over the water
or completely polluted and as a result
the police you can't see the immune
system is compromised and so the system
is very gross and addressing in event of
the environment but it's not
really optimal position provide the fish
in there so what we developed here is a
unique new generation of agriculture
technology that addresses all this issue
its land-based
its contain its generate no way those
people in power we're actually the zero
inflection to the environment you don't
take a drop of water from the
environment or the marine coastal water
and don't great anyways take for
discharge any weights back to their
primary and if you go around the
operation here if you consider control
and not to write your please withdraw
the sea bream should know rata very high
benefit we go we don't see but which is
difference in a very high value things
to do propia very high value blurring
feed all white people have increased up
but the goal Salman it is well to draw
back Osama and God and flounder and
proper all this calibration system are
very very generic and we can adapt them
to accommodate any fish species that the
market different thing in or in one we
are all in the same facility all under
one roof